This code is divided into two stages: pre-training and fine-tuning, based on the graph structure and multi-layer attention AD multi-classification auxiliary diagnosis model, the current public code is the core code part, and will be encapsulated into a system for disclosure in the future.

The results of the division of the brain network are shown in ROI.xlsx,1-8 represent DefaultMode, SensoriMotor, Visual, Salience, DorsalAttention, FrontoParietal, Language, and Cerebellar brain networks, respectively

The reported results and the results in the comparison experiments are the best results for the parameters in the model state

Contribution summary:This work proposes a graph structure modeling approach inspired by neural transmission processes driven by Functional Connectivity. To better capture the dynamics of neural interactions, intermediate nodes are introduced, enabling edge updates through a learnable indirect correlation coefficient. Assuming a consistent quantity of neural signal is transmitted between nodes, parameter constraints ensure that each update is performed under uniform transmission conditions. Updates are applied only when the incorporation of intermediate nodes enhances the original connections, aligning the model more closely with real neural pathways while avoiding the introduction of redundant information. It reflects the process of continuously learning to find the optimal transmission path when brain signals are transmitted. Update the structural information stored in the vertices based on changes in brain results due to new topological features from edge adjustments, combining them to better represent the brain structure. The Multi-layer attention mechanism combined with pathological mechanism comprehensively updates hyperparameters in the graph from three levels: individual, regional, and global. Combined with graph structure modeling, it obtains more interpretable results and weights the features reasonably.
